In the next year (and from now onward), the goal is to not break a single thing.

Last year, total damage:
- Broken laptop: 600
- Broken Boox small tablet by sleeping on it.
- Broken Boox tab ultra (dropped stuff on top of it)(total 600)
- Broken Canyon ultimate CFR (1000?)
- Broken mountain bike (300)

Total damages worth 2500$

#resolution keywords: broken broke loss resolution

Bike near misses
- Mira on mountain bike. We were on a side-walk going the wrong way. Guy with car was focusing on cars coming the right way. He started to move forward without checking other side.
	- When going the wrong way, watch out for cars turning into traffic and cars leaving the traffic flow.
	- Try to avoid roads altogether.
- With Mira on mountain bike. Car turning right. Grazed us and made us fall. 
	- Slow down on green light and keep in mind cars can turn right.
- On the way to swim, assumed I was on the main road when I was in the bike lane. Then, started to take a u-turn suddenly, assuming the car behind me was waiting for me. In reality, it was speeding and trying to cross me. Later that same day (11/25), bike crashed into stationary car and developed a crack.
	- Always look before you turn. No matter what.
	- Consider crossing the road the proper way. Stop at the intersection and wait for cars.
- Always have lights on your bike.
- Always do things the traditional way. Ride on the right side of the road, stop and wait when trying to clear intersections. Don't try to be clever to save a few seconds.