# New laptop checklist
On a new laptop install:

- Anaconda. https://discussions.apple.com/thread/254786965
- Install brew and then install git (brew install git) https://git-scm.com/download/mac
- - Set up SSH key for git: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent
	- See [[github_key]]
- Install VS Code.
- Install MS Office.
	- Sign in to OneNote
- Install Obsidian.
- Install negative.

keywords: laptop mac startup

# Bicycle
A dangerous pattern was uncovered on 230830 on the way to Apple in Bellevue mall. A long downward section of road and a feeder road connecting into the road. In the downward section, I will accelerate. But then, there could be an idiot on the feeder section jutting in and blocking the bike lane. This caused me yesterday to be forced to change to the left lane. And there was a car in that lane right behind me. On these kinds of dangerous sections, best to brake in advance of the feeder road in case an idiot is there trying to do his thing.

#bicycle #death 
keywords: bicycle safety 

## 230601
Filled in mountain bike pressure of 90 PSI. This was way over recommended limit of 45 PSI. Went with Mira to Marymoor park. Then parked outside whole foods. Front tyre was exposed to sun, back tyre was not. Mira and I were sitting outside, enjoying some food. BOOM!! the front tyre exploded. People came out of the store thinking there was a bomb. I had to call an Uber home (22 bucks), then pick up the bike with my car and take it to REI to have the tube replaced. They charged me for the tube as well. Moral of the story: Never fill the tyre to more than the recommended pressure. Also made them teach me how to use a bicycle pump. Now my pump at home works great.
#bicycle #death 

## 230116
Aerin told me yesterday about Koran guy who lost his leg in a bicycling accident where he was crushed under a truck. 
Further, today I found myself riding from Marymoor back at night with no helmet and no high visibility jacket. I tried catching a left turn and tried to change two lanes with cars coming behind me. I was stuck on the divider between two lanes and the cars passed me on both sides. Both of them honked. One of them even shouted at me. 
I Immediately ordered a helmet with lights and bicycle lights already on their way.
Always safety first. Safety trumps speed. If you have to take a turn and cars are coming, please jump on the sidewalk and wait for cars to pass before safely changing lanes. DO NOT change lines like you're riding a car. EVER. Bicycle is a different game, different rules. Get on the side walk and wait for vehicles to pass. It won't delay you more than 5 minutes. ^3ee73d

keywords: safety, bicycle, night, dark, light helmet bike riding safely
